hello everybody it has been requested by
a couple of people actually on my
Facebook page to see some
behind-the-scenes footage of what goes
on and at Earth unplug this isn't a
usual earth unplugged filming day but
there's actually a lot of the team in
Germany will make some very cool slow
motion stuff but myself and Simon who is
one of the presenters and crew are here
in a field in Bristol working on our own
little project which involves a lot of
water salt and light we filmed a couple
of top ten this morning but we can't get
started on the big project until this
evening because we need darkness I don't
think of too much away but it's going to
be awesome how you get it on side got
all these pumps build up and just trying
to work out how long they're going to
take directly hello and in this one
we've just got a little bit of salt but
in the end we only look okay so all of
that salt other brands are available we
are you side farm studio and Nicky
Rangers place was absolutely brilliant
he actually turns his old studio until
knows it and set so a lot of time we'll
just look like the Amazon rainforest but
today it looks quite normal but we're
inside his office sneaking a peek at
some of his animals inside tree frogs in
there I'll look at him in the corner
what are you doing there I can't be
comfortable oh that is wicked look at
him absolutely no colours II know it's
amazing it just blends in with sense
yeah but then the most exciting thing
which we don't look exciting as over
here they just look like minnows don't
lie yeah yeah so those tiny dull looking
fish aren't so tiny and are they cool um
flushing no splashing flashing that
would be very different because
splashing tetris to mate the men in the
female both jump out of the water
exactly the same time stick to a leaf
and then they both lay well they lay the
eggs the eggs are fertilized before they
go back into the water but to do that
they both have to jump onto the same
leaf at the same time is pretty
impressive stuff the tiny little fish he
is a furry little spider
but now darkness and we have started the
secret project ooh I wonder what they're
doing just a little bit salty you
complete oh my gosh hi guys this is what
I look like right now can't tell you
exactly what we've been doing but we are
drowned drowned wrapped in salty water
sound gross and everything is something
and stinging good morning everyone it's
day two in Bristol and with Simon again
but we are actually in the BBC earth
unplugged building today and you might
wonder where we film I'm about to show
you the magic its exhibits quite the
setup Simon is currently enjoying
putting do based on the wall and this is
all of the camera setup and we're about
to do some q and A's we've really been
enjoying that you've asked series that
is now on earth unplugged not swing your
questions it's been really fun so do
keep your questions coming in because
you really do enjoy answering them oh
and look at these are my trousers from
well oh no this just sounds rude every
250 I mentioned this but I can't no I
can't even name I'm good I've just
filmed my favorite moments playlist with
Simon for Earth unplugs it means I've
had to go back in my mind over the past
year and think of all the films have
made I have to say I just got a little
bit emotional and I really had the
pleasure of some just amazing
experiences and the films have made have
been just really really top-notch and I
feel just very thankful so if you
haven't subscribed to earth unplugged
already then please go and do so because
it means a lot to me
why don't we are now in a bar in Bristol
and Sam about to get dressed up for
another video are you excited through a
lot to booze already it's really a
family is my Christmas party and this is
completely allowed by the way and all I
know is Sam is going to be wearing some
ridiculous costumes and I have to keep a
poker face guys just warming up very big
meanwhile i'm just sitting here with a
glass of wine try not to laugh val is
our amazing editor and it's bit of a
show you muchly because you never get to
meet Val but she's a goodbye to a part
of earth unplugged and she and it's all
of the video so about yep we are
currently not stop the bus
lady and laser quest and back to medium
overall winner yeah
but you did pretty well slice winner
definitely 128 separation it is
definitely wrong yeah something's not
right there I was hopeful and frankly
I'm disappointed myself it's kind of
like a big goodbye meal for everybody
doing some of the team are leaving and
prettily the house whoo what we calling
them captain how is laser quest sweaty
you shot me a lot yeah I hurt my knee
yeah you literally jumped for joy when
you shot me in the back because I wasn't
hanging anyone ever and the girls our
team we lost season two like that would
be what social media
wonderful well I was
ok
okay I can see yeah I can see the toe
and it is it going yeah I your insider
you're inside inside